9:00 am in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, [music] you're watching
the China show. I'm Ivon Man with David
and Glass.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Let's get to your top stories today.
Stocks across the Asia Pacific and also
US futures rising on signs lawmakers in
Washington are moving closer to ending
what's will now become the longest
federal government shutdown on record.
>> Chinese consumer prices rise
unexpectedly after a holiday spending
boost. But a closer look reveals
deflationary pressure is causing [music]
deeper pain across industries.
>> And Nvidia CEO Jensen Hang asks TSMC to
boost production even more, citing
strong demand for AI chips. TSFC stock
also [music] in focus as the company
releases third quarter sales later
today.
Good morning. Welcome to the program. So
the the It it's slightly misleading when
you look at the close on on Friday
because a lot has happened over the
weekend and of course the the momentum
early momentum we're seeing as far as
the the government [music] shutdown
story is concerned might be removing
some of that uncertainty at this point
in time.
>> Yeah, you're starting to see US futures
picking up a little bit here in the
morning session and and really it really
comes down to you know can this actually
move to the house now? Um and certainly
there's still a lot of uncertainty
there, but it seems like at least
Democrats have come through with some
sort of measure that they be doing a
test vote later on on Sunday there. So
certainly that's one to watch here
throughout our hours. But yes, it is
perking up markets a little bit. You add
that to the Nvidia sort of rally that we
saw on Friday. So that is giving a bit
more calm to these markets. Inflation
numbers in China were actually not bad
too.
>> Yeah, they unexpectedly came in above
zero. you get a holiday boost which by
the way our folks at Bloomberg economics
think goes away that boost although
underneath the hood minimum we'll get
into this later on core CPI is actually
coming in six months six straight months
of the upside so more on that uh in a
moment but as Ivonne was just pointing
out right when you look at the risk
appetite today uh really boosted by the
AI play right so you have Cosby Taiwan
coming online TSMC is also coming up
very shortly Aussie on your screens
already [clears throat] excuse me
indicative of the risk appetite out
there right on the AI play so you have
SK Khinx, Kioa or Kioxia, Adventest all
trading to the upside. Samsung to a
lesser extent, but as you can see, some
decent upside in the AI plays early
today. Uh this might bode well going
into Okay, we're back to this. Okay.
Yeah, let's have a look at uh where we
are as far as the overnight session.
Well, the Friday session. A reminder, I
guess, of some stocks to watch. Yum
China and Xbong are ones to watch going
into today. And of course, A50 futures
coming up very shortly on your screens.
>> [clears throat]
>> And do we get this is a question mark.
Do we get a reaction to the inflation
numbers in the CGB markets? Let's flip
that page please. Thank you so much. And
we are slightly mixed across the curve.
We're down in the two. We're up on the
10ear yield. 181 right now is your US 10
year. There we go.
>> Yeah. So certainly there is some
optimism and I think right now we'll see
right because as we kick off the week
obviously we're hoping maybe we'll see
some US data come through here if in
fact the government can reopen right. US
CPI numbers are happening uh on Thursday
as well. So, if we get more clarity on
the data side of things because the the
the challenger data last week certainly
challenged the markets a little bit in
terms of whether we're going to see
these kind of high job cuts and the like
higher job cuts actually should be
flowing through into some of this
official data too.
>> Yeah. So, finally some clarity as it
pertains to the inflation inflation
print what that means for for for for
December which seems to be closer to a
done deal now than we were two days ago.
But that was a completely different
story the day before that. Right.
Speaking of inflation, that gets us
nicely into the China story on Sunday.
Official inflation numbers came out.
Let's bring in Midman Law, our China
correspondent uh here with a breakdown
of the numbers. And are we seeing the
start, I guess, of the sustained
recovery amendment.
>> Yeah, it's certainly a bit of a relief
in October, right? Given the bounce that
we see inflation turning positive after
two months of deflation. CPI is 0.2%
versus negative 0.3 the previous month.
But certainly if you look longer term so
far this year CPI has been hovering
around zero or negative and so the trend
not too promising at the moment. The PPI
coming in at -2.1% also easing compared
to the previous month. Uh and Bloomberg
economics believes this is a one-off
bounce because of the o golden week
holiday one day longer than usual and
that boosted the travel and spending
numbers that we saw. But still Eric Ju
for example, he believes that deflation
especially on the PPI front could extend
until middle of next year and it means
that the anti-involution campaign from
the Chinese government needs to be a lot
more forceful. Right? We haven't seen
that really uh help with a very
sustainable trend in reflation. So far
the government has given price guidances
but they haven't really been forceful in
closing down excess capacity. Of course,
the concern there is that it could lead
to destabilization of the job market,
more job losses. So, a lot of things for
the government to balance out there.
>> Yeah. And Mim Bloomberg also crunched
the numbers, right? I did a a great
piece there talking about, you know,
under the hood, you're still seeing
quite a bit of deflationary pressures.
What were some of the findings there?
>> Yeah, and this is very interesting
because Bloomberg did our own analysis
of about 67 goods and services. We track
those price changes over the past couple
of years and we can see the deflation
really hitting many different sectors.
Everything from uh red wine to cars,
home prices and rents. And you look at
some of these uh categories, 51 out of
out of 67 of them saw steeper price
discounts, much steeper than what we saw
in headline deflation. So you flip the
board where we are seeing the biggest
price declines are some of the goods
that you probably find in your home, in
your kitchens. Look at these uh
cucumbers, eggs, eggplants, pears down
31%. These are all doubledigit declines.
BYD cars down 27%. And even home
appliances, that was a sector that did
really well because of government
subsidies, strong retail sales numbers.
And yet we still see moderate
deflationary pressures as well.
Microwaves down 8%, washing machines,
fridges, gas stoves down about 4%. Where
we are seeing some inflation is in the
services sector. So things like
kindergartens uh if you flip the board,
things like uh attraction tickets up
0.4%, three star hotel rates up 2%,
residential management fees as well. So
the price changes uh really quite uneven
across sectors. But what this means is
that it crims on corporate profits,
right? If you look at the first half of
this year, the number of companies,
Chinese listed companies that reported
first half losses was more than 25%,
which is the highest level in a quarter
of a century. And the number of zombie
zombie firms that we see, those are the
firms whose profits are unable to cover
their uh interest payments, you can see
it has been increasing steadily. It's up
by uh to about 30 over% by the end of
2024. It means that R&D and capex
spending also declining over the last
few years. And what this means for wages
is that there will be more job cuts,
right? Over 40% of companies had job
cuts uh across sectors in 2024. And that
leads to that deflationary spiral where
people then hold back spending and then
it leads to deflation. So a very sticky
problem that the Chinese government has
now.
>> Yeah, certainly raises the question how
do you break that cycle and why we see
that this whole anti-involution sort of
campaign. Now our China correspond
Mimllo thank you for breaking down those
numbers for us here as well. You take a
look when it comes to US assets and how
things are fairing up here this morning.
We mentioned about how S&P futures are
doing here this morning and we are
seeing a bit more momentum behind this
right and momentum seems to be coming
back this morning as well. Uh the US
shutdown might be nearing an end. Now
this as a group of Senate Democrats are
said to have agreed to support a deal to
reopen the governments right now. Let's
bring in the managing editor Jill Dais.
She's with us here right now on the
latest what we know so far. So, at this
point, remember this is still maybe a
step in the right direction, but nowhere
near um the actual end of the shutdown.
So, so far it appears that the
Republicans have gotten enough moderate
Democrats in the Senate to hold a
procedural test vote tonight, Washington
time. Um and then that could ultimately
enable them to sort of pave a way toward
uh passing something in the full Senate.
Um that that could lead to an end to the
shutdown. It does seem according to
people familiar um that they've reached
some kinds of concessions including
apparently a promise from Republicans
that there would be a vote sometime on
in December on a bill uh to extend some
of these Obamacare premium sub subsidies
that the Democrats have really um been
you know kind of forceful on of course
whether that's something that ultimately
trickles down to other Democrats
including those in the House where
remember um any kind of a procedure
would ultimately have to pass in the
House as well is still um kind of
remains to be seen whether that sort of
verbal commitment is ultimately enough
to kind of, you know, bring those House
Democrats on board. Uh what this bill
would ultimately do if they're able to
pass something is fund some agencies
including Congress, uh Department of
Agriculture, Department of Veterans
Affairs, uh through the next year and
then the rest of the government agencies
would ultimately stay funded through
January 30th. So, um you know, a little
bit of a short-term gap there when it
comes to um some of those agencies, but
yes, so we're sort of inching in the
direction of an end to the shutdown, but
not entirely there yet. What gets us to
the end of the shutdown?
>> Well, I think uh David at this point,
you know, you have to imagine that, um,
you know, part of it kind of comes down
to, you know, parties that may feel some
kind of a partisan blame from voters.
Um, I will say that when it comes to the
Democrats, they might look at those
recent election results where they won a
gubatorial races in Virginia, that New
York City mayoral election. Um, you
know, you also had um, uh, New Jersey as
well. um maybe they're not necessarily
thinking that voters blame them for the
shutdown at this point, but um
ultimately I think one of the bigger
issues here is a lot of these air
traffic control issues, flight delays
and cancellations in the United States.
A lot of that pertaining to the end of
federal funding. Um you know, we've seen
a lot of delays in New York in
particular, and we've got a massive
blizzard in Chicago, you know, a major
international hub that's kind of, you
know, snarled things there. So, you're
looking at some of those potentially
bringing pressure to the situation.
>> Yeah, with Thanksgiving also coming up.
Jill, thank you so much. Jill D is
there, managing editor, uh, writes, just
one group of stocks to watch going into
the open today. Tech is bid and bid
substantially. I'm looking at Alibaba
is, uh, called decently higher today.
And as you can see, the tailwinds are
coming through across the region. We're
better about a quarter 1%. We have
October monthly sales coming through
here out of TSMC today. So stay tuned
for that as we gear up, of course, for a
fresh trading week.
>> Yep. And coming up, we're speaking to
city's head of markets for Japan, Asia,
North, and Australia to discuss market
strategy and where it see city sees
[music] growth in the region. Paul Smith
joins us live next. And we're coming
down to the open of trade in Shanghai,
[music] Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This is
the China show. Happy Monday.
>> Here's a look what's happening this
week. It is a pretty big one in terms of
the data side of things here. if you can
kind of get yours on a zoom button and
looking at what's all happening here.
Everything from of course uh October job
number South Korea, India some inflation
numbers. The key one to watch is
Thursday whether we do actually get
those US October CPI prices that could
be quite telling on and where Fed
[music] expectations are going to be. Uh
and then on Friday we of course have
that data dump on [music] uh from China
as well, right? So retail sales,
industrial production, the like. Uh keep
in mind also we have that city China
conference that's happening later on
this week [music] as well. This is on
the back of course some big tech
earnings coming through in China this
week also too.
>> Yep. Lots of discuss there as it
pertains to [music] this you know the
the China aspect of the conversation we
were just had. I mean this was really
central to our coverage last week at the
HKMA where everyone was really talking
about China the change in the the
extreme paradigm shift really that
markets
>> um has has has been a recipient of of
late. Now all that is to say it's not
just been about China right this year
has been a fantastic time to be long uh
equity markets in fact on on a benchmark
basis on your screens this is year to
date so far and we have about give or
take about two months left uh we're up
I'm squinting that's about a 25% year to
date on price M Asia Pacific so as
things stand we are set for the best
year
>> uh for Asian equity markets going back
about 8 years to 2017 joining us here to
talk us through what the year's been and
what still lies ahead this and also
going into next year. Paul Smith is the
city head of markets for Japan, Asia,
North and of course Australia here with
us to talk us through. Good morning.
>> Good morning. How are you both?
>> Very nice to see you. What's what's been
the biggest surprise for you this year
given given this regional bull market?
>> Uh the biggest surprise I think this
year has been the uh continuous
performance across all asset classes
this year actually. I think we've seen
both our Q3 results have been
record-breaking, the best on record and
that's because equities have performed
and we've seen double digit growth uh in
equities across the globe but in
particular in Asia
>> but also uh rates financing and FX have
all grown and we've seen huge flows in
Asia you know up 30% in Hong Kong so
it's been a standout year and as you
know our prime balance business you know
we get record flows record mandates I
think this has
the overall outlook has been very
positive across all asset classes which
is unusual in a in a financial year
>> yeah I mean it's been a great year I
think how do you think the fourth
quarter is shaping up because you're
starting to see cracks emerge whether
it's in this whole AI tech rally fed
uncertainty and the like are people
still willing cha to chase momentum at
this point
>> I think so I I think it's more of a
longer term game so I think yes as we
come into the the end of the year people
may take profits that's okay but
actually there's longer term trends
happening And as we look to 26, I really
feel you know the the globalization is
changing that the change in the dynamics
of FX flows. I think financing of uh
private credit and then the all the AI
infrastructure and that that really
plays to Asia's strength. I think you
know we've got data centers we've got
the the full ecosystem of AI and I see a
huge uptake in financing but also you
know as corporates start to change their
hedging strategies on FX or rates the
size of the wallet is growing the size
of emerging market rates hedging is
growing so I I really feel you know 26
will be another strong year
>> I was about to ask you does that
continue into next year the larger
ticket sizes and hedging and why do you
think that might be the case if it does
that is of course the outcome
>> yeah I think in 25 the four themes we
saw are around hedge funds and private
equity. You know, especially in Asia,
they're actually paying attention.
They're growing, which is interesting
and structural
>> and structural. I think I think there's
a long-term, you know, if you take take
Japan for example, there's long-term
corporate governance reforms in Japan,
which means private equity firms are
interested. There's there's there's
dynamic uh activity in Japan. You you've
got uh you've got the growth across
equity rates and FX. As I said, the
global supply change and this will
continue.
>> I really think and there's some, you
know, structural shifts in Asia changes.
Uh, you know, there's long-term uh
savings. The wealth of Asia will start
to be redeployed. The capital is in Asia
now. It's no longer deploying capital.
It's investing in Asia. Okay. I think
this is going to really drive momentum
growth in Asia.
>> You mentioned about Japan is is a big
market for you guys. We're starting to
see the emergence of more US funds
really coming back into this market. Do
can you call this a very significant
turning point for Japan? I think Japan
has been on a path for a number of years
of culpa governance reforms, unwinding
block trades. I think now we're starting
to really see the action. I think with
the new government, the BOJ with its
more uh interventionist macro policy,
this is a really shift in the dynamics.
It's no longer this sleeping giant, I
think it's woken up and therefore, you
know, has attracted worldwide interest.
you know there's speculative inflows and
outflows from your fast money but the
longerterm money the the investments
from private equity the the interest of
reins global reinsurers in the insurance
company I think there's all aspects of
that uh Japan financial sector are
interested as we go into 26
>> the just to stay on Japan here so the
equity market's been solid FX has been
to your point quite decent what about
the bond markets with this rising rate
environment what are you seeing what's
the nuance there
>> I think well
a number of things there because uh you
know rising rates makes Japan as a JGB's
investment rel on a relative value
actually very attractive to investors
now obviously there's the currency issue
in terms of uh you have to hedge the
currency and if you hedge the currency
then the returns are not as great but
you know relative to the other Asian
economies you've got a divergence macro
policy now rising rates in Japan and
lower rates everywhere else so this
makes it very interesting from a macro
play but also an equity investment you
start to think about my returns and how
I hedge it. And I think that plays to,
you know, our platform strength. We've
been in Japan for many years and in Asia
hundreds of 120 years in China. I think
having our platform and adapting to our
client flows, I think this is the key
for us.
>> You're having a conference in China this
week. Uh what's going to be the message
and and the theme really here? And you
know, given that there is renewed
interest back into this market as well
now.
>> Yeah, I think I think for China
particular, I think the themes are very
interesting. you know our economists
will obviously give their uh insights
and views in the conference but I you
know I think the real interest is the
number of meetings we have we've got
thousands of meetings with hundreds of
clients thousands of registrations and I
think the interest is genuine I think
from uh globally investors into China I
think this is the real shift and I I
noticed the sentiment really on the Hong
Kong leader summit last week
>> last year it was all about was China
investable this year that topic doesn't
come up. It really is actually how do we
navigate the change in shifts that it's
almost gone past is China investable
now.
>> It's not the size depth and the
liquidity yet, but it's another option
for global investors.
>> You mentioned client flows are up over
30% this year more more recently. Is
there any sort of higher frequency data
that you can sort of look at just in
just to give a sense of like near-term
direction of what what the last two
months of 2025 look like?
>> I think obviously Hong Kong equity flows
have been up 30%. I think our other
asset classes are rates uh FX uh double
digit growth. Okay. Interestingly on the
FX side, it's mostly driven from
institutional FX hedging
>> whereas typically it's corporate FX
hedging. So corporates have continued
with their steady and prescribed
programs of hedging their flows as they
adapt to changing supply uh chains. But
institutional investors are coming you
know investing in equity. So therefore
they need to hedge back and and and so
that's been the real shift I think in
Asia this year and probably will
continue to next year.
>> Um when it comes to IPOs I think the
calendar has been packed. What are you
seeing on your platform Paul?
>> Uh so IPOs are as they're in banking and
not markets but uh you know clearly Hong
Kong is the leader as a single market.
uh you know interest in the Chinese
stocks and you know when I go to China
and go to conferences not only this big
one but also the smaller ones we host
for our smaller commercial clients the
only talk at those conferences is IPO
valuation that there you know and some
of the dynamics of those companies that
what they can offer is it's truly
amazing and I think you know that's why
we have these hundreds of thou well
thousands of meetings with these
corporates these corporate access our
hedge funds our global asset managers
really want to understand what's
happening in China speaks directly to
the management and I think these
conferences are the opportunity to do
that.
>> Right. Really just put your ear to the
ground.
>> Exactly.
>> When you look at these things. So as you
plan the business into next year, do you
expect the the amount of activity that
you've seen this year to continue? How
are you planning your business next
year?
>> I I think there's probably three areas
that I want to plan for next year. One
is this evolving FX story. You know,
we're no longer into single corridors,
China, US. we're into actually is China,
Southeast Asia, China, Africa, China
Lat, you know, we arrange uh we visits
from our colleagues in China to go to
Brazil and Mexico and vice versa. So
we're trying to get these corridors and
these become multi multi-dimensional.
>> Yep.
>> I think financing as I've told you in a
rent sort of AI infrastructure. I think
this is a big theme in Asia
>> and more medium-term. But I think what I
always want to do with our platform is
make it relevant to our clients and you
know studying what the Chinese
government and the Hong Kong government
are doing around the
internationalization remimi uh their
gold vaulting in uh Hong Kong. This is
infrastructure which doesn't sound
interesting but actually will become the
future flows that we have to capture and
let our platform perform for our
clients.
>> There we go Paul. Fantastic. It was
great as you have a great week ahead of
a great conference ahead for us. Thank
you so much for coming in here. Uh that
was that was Paul Smith, our city head
of markets for Japan Asia North and also
Oz Australia.
>> And stay tuned for a big guest later on
this week as well as we go live at
city's China conference on Friday. We'll
be speaking to the CEO Jane [music]
Frasier for an exclusive chat in
Shanghai. Catch that interview at the
times on your screen.
>> Yep. Cut down to the open trade over
just over six minutes away. Futures are
punching [music] slightly to the upside.
It's looking like we're going to get a
decent open text in play text bid. This
is the China show. Good morning.
All right, here's your agenda in greater
China today. Of course, we're watching
some key levels. Shanghai Composite and
that 4,000. Certainly, uh we're still
hovering around those kind of 2025 highs
though around that benchmark as well.
We're still in that window for credit
data coming through here as we countd
down to that data dump later on this
week as well. Uh al also we're watching
online platforms solar in terms of
sectors here today. Wing [music] techch
uh some breakthrough there when it came
to how things are doing with Nexperia.
So we'll get to latest on that. Exping
that stock very closely just given the
volatility around that. There is that
softcare IPO here today and we're
watching [music] that rem too as well.
>> Yep. Very very closely the approach to
the open and speaking of the currency
71223 [music]
the open is next. This is one.
Good Monday morning. Welcome back.
You're watching the China show. We are
feeling some tailwinds going into the
[music] open today. 40 seconds away.
Asia Pacific up 4/10en of 1% already. A
lot of that also is down to the
pre-markets in Hong Kong and also the
bounds that we're seeing across [music]
the region particularly in tech and AI.
What's new, Ivon?
>> Yeah, I think the there's news of a
potential maybe the longest US
government shutdown on record [music]
may be close to an end. Of course,
there's still some key hurdles ahead,
but that certainly did lift US futures
and the like. So, I think tech [music]
is certainly catching a bit here this
morning. We talked about Nvidia and what
happened this calm that's really
bringing uh in that rally that we saw on
Friday. So that certainly is helping
overall [music] the whole AI theme here
at a time when you talk about valuations
right we're going to have Winnie Woo
come Winnie Shu coming through here uh
talking about how you know we really
haven't corrected enough that much
really when it comes to [music] these
frothy valuations around AI. So is there
kind of still the need to chase his
momentum is the key [music] question. We
just spoke to city's Paul Smith saying
yes for now for the fourth quarter at
least they continue to see that in terms
of client flows and the like. There you
go. What we're seeing so far here is a
pretty decent sort of start here on this
Monday morning. CSI 300 is up about a
third of 1%. Shanghai Composite, we
talked about that 4,000 level, which
looks like we are holding on to at least
here for the moment. Uh, and we're
watching very closely what how these
inflation numbers that came out over the
weekend, right? So, it was actually
better than expected. Um, but you know,
under the hood, you're starting to see
still those deflationary pressures. It's
a really great big take that you can
take a look at here. Lots of visual
pieces there, but it seems like it was
very seasonal, right? why we saw this
kind of perk up in prices here may not
be sustainable. So, we'll see if that
actually impacts the bond market or any
sort of reaction. So far, that 30-year
10-year yield not doing too much as
we're at 181 levels as well for the
10-year. Uh also watching very closely
when it comes uh to the tech space,
right? So, we talk about uh when it
comes to chips uh that next sort of
parent that we're watching very closely
here this morning given the fact that
there was some sort of breakthrough
between the EU as well as with China uh
there. And so that certainly could help
the likes of that wing tech uh stock.
Can we just bring it up real quick? Hong
Kong first uh here and how HST is doing
in the face of all this. Right. So
certainly we're still watching very
closely. HST is catching a slight bid
here this morning. Decent gains coming
through from 10centent and Alibaba both
seeing gains about 1% or so. Uh Xiaomi
is also doing quite well. Mtoan and BYU
though are heading the opposite
direction. We're at 712 levels. uh when
it comes to dollar remniven
there has been that kind of dollar
strength that comes has been coming back
of late here too flip the boards though
we talk about some of the EU China
tensions there seem to be kind of fading
a little bit there you go wing tech is
there we're up about 3% this morning so
now China resuming next chip export here
so and urging the EU to make some
progress so there at least some progress
goes to wing tech there SMIC and Huah
Hong interesting calls from Huahong here
so I believe it was an upgrade uh from
the likes of CCB downgrade from Dia. So
some mixed views from the analysts there
on on this stock overall after those
earnings came through last weekend. But
you know overall we are seeing high gone
information tech though that's down
about a one and a half%. Uh when it
comes to some of these lithium makers
we're watching very closely uh just
given city recently did an upgrade on
some of these stocks as well. So there
you go. You're seeing the likes of
Gambon lithium is up about 8.6%.
There was a good line about uh critical
minerals uh and what China is doing
there and really suspending some of
those curbs. So certainly maybe that's
the reason why we're seeing these
tailwinds here as well and we're
watching some of these uh other critical
minerals as well. Right. So this export
control seems to be lifted for now and
that is certainly giving a lift to some
of these stocks here this morning Dave.
>> Yeah. Wow. Okay. Lots of pockets of
support that we're getting across these
markets today. So as one is going on
4,000 on on the Shanghai composite
hensing index should be up as well. Uh
just to the downside, we showed you
briefly uh a few minutes ago shares of
XPON. Can we get that up so our viewers
can see what it's doing? We're now down
uh over over 3%. You had a extremely
volatile week last week and into the
close in the US session, particularly
massive declines there. So we are
playing some catch as it pertains to uh
shares of Xiaoang uh over here in in the
Hong Kong session. The opposite is
PopMart, which is going the opposite way
as far as price is concerned. More on
those two things uh in a moment. Thank
you so much. 2.6 6% to the downside. All
right, let's lean on the positives as we
start off this week. Uh we're getting a
quite a significant rally across some of
the chip and chip place, AI in
particular. Uh Winnie Shu is here with
us to help us understand this nice
bounce we're getting today. Just give us
some context as far as today is
concerned.
>> Yeah, so it's been quite a rebound uh
today especially uh just the nice macro
tailwind that we're having the potential
end to a US government shutdown. So that
means that more uh economic data we can
be expecting and hence more clarity. But
remember where this is coming from where
we're coming up from a very volatile
week. Last week we had the Nika Cosby
both down more than of around 4% and
then MSCI more than 1%. So right now
you're seeing Nika up like less than a
percent uh a little bit of a rebound
there compared to a big uh selloff last
week. And also Cosby it's up mostly
because of that dividend uh tax cut. So,
it's a bit of a different story there,
but overall, you can see how volatile
things have been down a lot one day and
up and then buying and selling a lot.
So, that's kind of what we're seeing in
the Asia sessions these days.
>> Yeah. And why we're seeing these big
swings is probably because of this
extreme concentration risk that we're
seeing that some of these big names are
very heavily weighted on these regional
benchmarks.
>> Yeah, exactly. We did that analysis a
while back and looking at TSMC for
example accounting for about 40% of TX
and also Cosby with SKH highinex and
Samsung about 30% and when we talked to
analysts or traders they were saying
that the Nik 225 top five companies
account for about 40%. So if we see any
big swings in these top tech names the
Nik is likely to plunge as well. So that
concentration risk is definitely a
bigger risk right now in Asia compared
to before. But you also have these other
factors that make uh Asia a bit more
vulnerable compared to the US.
>> So are we expecting more of these sort
of downward moves to continue?
>> I think for now that's what we're
expecting. Last week when we talked to
Mark Mobius, he was also saying that
expecting more corrections to come and
the thing is that if valuation is that
big concern we're having, we have really
not corrected that part of uh the issue
as well. And obviously recently we've
got that nice strength in the dollar. So
that's also weighing on riskier assets
and Asia tech, Asia stocks overall are
considered to be a bit more risky and
you know just how far things have
rallied so far this year. We're talking
about MSCI Asia potentially
outperforming the S&P 500 by the most
yearly since 2009. So you know there is
that bit of a profit taking that we can
still expect as we head towards end of
the year. All right, Winnie. Thank you,
Winnie. Shu there, our Asia equities
reporter. Uh on the latest on the whole
tech trade and sticking with the AI
theme, Nvidia is asking TSMC for more
wafers to meet strong demand. Let's
bring in our Asia tech correspondent
Annabelle Jewelers on. Of course, Jensen
Hong is was in Taipei over the weekend.
>> What did he ask for?
>> That's right. [laughter]
We asked for more wafers. So, you know,
pretty pretty simple request [laughter]
from Jensen. But, uh yeah, so it's the
TSMC annual sports day. This is a
company event and Jensen Hong doesn't
actually always attend this one, but he
was there in Taipei over the weekend.
So, taking the time of course to speak
with CC Way, the the CEO of TSMC and of
course asking again as we said uh for
essentially more more equipment and and
more supplies to try and meet that AI
demand. So, it's just another signal
that we're getting uh at least from from
the the company side. These are the
really the companies that are at the
forefront of of the build out of this
technology. is sort of a leading
indicator as well, but a signal to us
that that AI demand is very much intact.
Uh but but Hang as well talking about
generally the scale up that we've seen
in AI memory chip suppliers because it's
not just it's not just TSMC on the
memory chip side. You've also got SKH
Highix and Samsung as well and he's
saying all of these have scaled up
tremendously to to support the company
essentially. Uh TSMC though back in
October when we had the latest earnings
CCway you can see there speaking at the
sports day but but also at that point
saying that capacity is very very tight
and that is really where the challenge
is for the company. It's not on the
demand side it's on the supply side and
trying to meet that demand in the
market.
>> Okay. Well speaking of big earnings week
>> what what's on deck?
>> Yeah. Well I think uh in terms of the
tech front there there's quite a handful
of names this week. you've got us well
kicking off really for the start of the
period but but Honghai is going to be a
big one to watch. We're expecting again
that AI part of the business to have to
have held up and to have seen strong
growth because Honai is very much the AI
service story still for the company.
Other names we're going to be tracking
SoftBank as well is an interesting one
and again it's that AI theme because of
the vision fund the portfolio
investments. Open AAI is a key one.
There's been Reuters reporting that
they're looking at an IPO as soon as
2026. We could get the filing next year.
Uh Sony, another name to track, less of
an AI one, but Tencent as well in terms
of the China names. Uh it is a good one
for for the consumer AI side. They're
doing well. A and JD as well, just to
note on that front for China, just given
you've got those food price wars and and
JD has sort of been a little bit behind
uh Alibaba, also made because they were
late entrance into that space. Still
though, you could start to see more
growth in that business.
>> Bill, thank you for a preview there.
Annabelle uh with a look at the week
ahead earnings on your screens right
now. Let's stick on the AI team here. So
we are live at the AI uh summit uh in
Soul of course and the expo there in
South Korea where Sher an of course our
co-anchor is standing by to tell us
what's coming up. Sherry
>> David you can hear things ramping up
behind me. This is a two-day event where
business leaders and experts in the
artificial intelligence sector come
together to discuss the convergence of
AI and industry. Coming up, we do have
LG AI research. They've been shortlisted
by the government to build out the
proprietary foundational models of South
Korea. Of course, President EJ wants to
invest in this sector, his tripled AI
investments to 7 billion dollars next
year. That's up. This is Bloom Park.
Well, the AI Summit Soul and Expo begins
today, bringing together global
companies, institutions, and academics
to explore the latest trends in AI and
industrial innovation. Our very own
Sheran is there with our next guest.
Sher.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in our next guest,
Imun, senior research fellow and head of
super intelligence labs of LG AI
research. M really great to have you
with us.
>> Thanks for inviting me
>> and congratulations on being shortlisted
by the government right building out the
proprietary AI foundational models.
>> When do you expect a a conclusion to
that and do you expect to win out here?
>> It's not a single year conclusion. Every
year we are going to get evaluated. It's
it's kind of a tournament that like
survival game.
>> Okay. Well, don't we love one of those
games? But um what do you think is your
competitive edge here?
>> Ah, so we have been built this LLM for
almost four years starting from the
stretch and we have a lot of exploration
and experience and the technological
advance. So the goal is to achieve the
first place.
>> Yeah. And what the government and LG is
trying to do is an open source model.
>> Uh so uh we try to build some sort of
the open source model to facilitate all
the all the other industry but on top of
that we can also make the domain
specific model for the LG company as
well. So it's a two-way.
>> Why does the South Korean government
think it's important and why does LG uh
work in this effort?
So the South Korean new government
really think the AI transformation is
the key for the next stage for all the
industry and there has been some major
players in Korean in Korea industry and
then they try to invite five major
industry to compete each other and then
build some commercial usable LLM and
provide that to all small industry and
doing that we can get a lot of
experience and evolution of the model
eventually facilitate the entire
industry.
>> It's really been interesting to see
South Korea trying to accelerate this
sector as a new growth engine for the
nation.
Is there a concern out there that this
could be a bubble that eventually you
wouldn't need to build out so much
infrastructure and so many so much
investment into the sector? So we have
talked about or the concern this bubble
historically in many technological
advancement but for the AI it has been
there more than 30 years and the new
paradigm of the learning learning from
the data or the datadriven model has
been there more than two decades and we
have constantly see the progress the
genai is just a result of that constant
progress it's not just some disruption
something to the scene
which has never been there. So it's a
very unlikely AI is a bubble and we just
constantly grow and it try to transform
a lot of industry to the human life
daily passion
>> and LG of course the conglomerate itself
in so many different sectors of
business. How is the company going to
enhance its own business and its own
products through artificial
intelligence? As everybody knows, LG has
a lot of different affiliates including
electronics, energy solution or the the
telecom service with the U+ or even like
chemistry. So the way that we saw the
evolution of the model, it first touches
daily conversation like changing or
substituting the search engine mostly
for just Q&A. Later we saw that there's
a tremendous uh capability hidden there
to touch the domain specific stuff and
by introducing AI agentic workflow that
matches with industry the workflow we
finally get a lot of transformational
power and we are actually on that stage
starting from 2025 to 2026
finally just beyond the chatting machine
we are going to able to see the AI I
module actually embedded into the
industry manufacturer lines and
orchestrate a lot of jobs
>> is is that transformational uh potential
when it comes to vertical AI and the
integration into the business.
>> Yes.
>> When you talk about very soon and how
that's going to be integrated into our
daily lives, what's the timeline? Ah so
it's a timeline will be depend depending
on the industry specific data how much
datas are ready and how much the
experience and users are ready to do. So
it currently in 2025 every Asian AI
workflow started from just the user and
the daily thing like outlook email check
and how to do the Google spreadsheet and
things like that. But eventually we are
going to reach an industry specific
workflow. In some sense the workflow may
be even more simple in the industry
because it has to follow certain
protocol whereas the data and getting
those data in industry is difficult. But
a power to the LG is LG really the
collaborate a lot between the
subsidiaries and different affiliate. We
are able to get the data and we are able
to tune the model really specific to
that.
>> And you're also collaborating with other
companies. I understand Furiosa you have
a partnership there. Is that correct?
>> We have a partnership for the AI chip
industry.
>> The renegade chip.
>> Yeah.
>> What's different about that and how does
that apply to your own uh projects? XL1
the LLM is what you're pursuing, right?
So to train the model and to use the
model we need a lot of GPU resources and
the other name of the GPU is AI chip
because it's basically the brain for the
AI but have been depending on the the
external AI chips developed outside of
the country but over time with this
collaboration we are seeing there's a
lot of potentials and there's even more
benefit of using our domestic chips.
So we are testing a lot and over time we
are going to exploit employ more of the
the domestic chips under our
collaborations.
Is circular deals and financing
something that you think about because
when we talk about a potential AI bubble
and all of this money going between
companies back and forth. Uh there's a
concern that this is how uh the bubble
pops.
being in the field and as a researcher
is this something that you think about
when you you know need the research uh
funding to back your projects.
>> Yeah. So I I think there are two
different aspect about that just in
terms of the money flow. uh there has
been a report from MIT that a lot of
money has been investig like invested to
the major companies but only 5% of that
actually deployed that and so far
there's no profit and loss expressions
even though there are a lot of
investment and I guess if there's no
profit and loss yet but at least in the
research industry and the model
performance
We saw that drastic performance boost so
that everybody can use AI in quickly and
easy fashion. So if nothing has been
outputed I probably I have a big concern
but I can see like almost daily basis
like a big outputs from the industry. So
I don't think that's going to be a b
simply a bubble and then yeah
>> the productivity boost and the
efficiency boost for example on the
other side of the coin is also an issue
when you're thinking about jobs and how
that could cause more layoffs instead of
just enhancing people's lives. How do
you assess that? I recall uh when I used
to be a university student, there has
been transition from my film camera to
the digital camera and I saw a lot of
stores about film printing, film
developing. They closed. Eventually
within 3 to 5 years, I saw way more
order of magnitude more jobs has been
created based on that technology. I
thought similar stuff would come if we
make or prepare everything ready on the
right fashion considering also risks not
only the capabilities.
>> Yeah, I still remember developing the
films and everything right and there are
actually still some of those shops. Uh
bunt great to have you with us I here
from LG AI research. Uh, back to you
guys, David. Ivonne, you also remember,
of course, developing those films and
having those very analog cameras, don't
you?
>> No, no, no, we don't. That's only you.
>> Oh, what are you talking about?
>> I I was No. Zero. I don't know where to
start. I don't even know what the
concept is.
>> I just post on Tik Tok. Yeah,
>> that's all we do. [laughter]
Sherry, thank you so much. We love
Sherry. There we go. Um, out of cell.
We'll have more, of course, on the
ground there. uh speaking with more
industry players at AI Summit in Soul.
Uh yeah, software company Figma joining
Bloomberg TV later on to discuss AI
strategy, also its growth outlook. Catch
our interview at those times on your
screens. Plenty more ahead. This is the
[music] China show.
You're looking at live pictures out of
Capitol Hill as officials are starting
to tally up the counts on terms of this
test vote that's supposed to happen uh
there Sunday evening in DC. Now, if that
vote succeeds, the Senate will need
consent of all members to end the
longest US government shutdown on record
quickly. So, any one senator can
actually force days of delays and votes
here. So, certainly the House would then
need to pass that bill for the
government to reopen. And we have
actually heard from Speaker Mike
Johnson. He has said he will give
lawmakers two days notice to return.
>> Okay. Okay. So, so we we'll need to
still tick a lot of boxes between even
if this goes through.
>> Yes.
>> And by the way, so the actual so they're
counting the the ahead of the test
boats. They're still tallying what the
test boat might actually look like.
>> Yes.
>> U after that we'll still have to tick a
few more boxes. It might go in some ways
to explain the the reversal in the
dollar strength we've seen. Certainly
our starting point this morning was a
stronger a gap higher in fact in US
assets because of the encouraging news
flow from uh from the US side of things
but have since paired back. So I guess
markets are just trying to figure out
what the next steps are that doesn't
seem to be a very straightforward
process uh on that. We will keep you up
to date as you can see uh things are
busy and staffers and like investors are
sitting one out. You can see bottom of
the screens there as we await more
information there. In in the meantime,
let's have a look at the big movers here
on opposite sides of XPong down about
three coming off a little bit. Popart is
seeing some bargain hunting coming into
today. 4.4% to the upside. All things
equal. Hanging index most stocks are up.
Volumes are on the lighter side still.
Huahong semis up. Sunrow and Laoo Gold.
These are all um out of analyst actions
and changes out of Daiwa on Huahong.
There's another one of course out of uh
Huahong Eds. What was that other one?
And I'm scrapping my brain for a little
bit.
>> Uh, sorry. Anyway, CCB, there we go. CCB
International. There we go. Sun girl,
that's a city call. And in the last 20
minutes or so, HSBC dropping this one in
inboxes, initiating coverage, initiating
[music] buy at Laool Gold up 2%. Plenty
more away here in the next hour of the
China show. We'll get into all things FX
and rates. Shanghai comp CSI 300 up ever
so slightly. First session of the week.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI a half hour into the
session and yeah, just I mean it's slow
but [music] you know we're we're
modestly higher here today as we kick
off a new trading week. We're up four
tens of 1%. Of course, you [music] know,
this is coming on a time of a little bit
of a pullback when it comes to the AI
trade last week and people questioning
about these sort of lofty valuations,
but today [music] at least seems like
investors are still willing to kind of
chase that momentum today.
>> Yeah, we needed to rewrite that headline
quite literally [laughter]
as we figured out what was happening
when Japan, Korea, uh, opened up. Uh,
but yes, such is the nature of markets,
right? Can go up and or down. Uh a
public service reminder for those in
Hong Kong, the typhoon signal, I believe
uh typhoon signal one uh will be issued
just after 12 today on the back of this
super typhoon that is just uh to I
believe to the west of the Philippines
after lashing of course a country uh
overnight next stop looks to be Taiwan.
We'll be feeling that here in Hong Kong
of course with that sort of preemptive
uh signal uh in about two hours from
now. uh that takes us into US futures
and the sort of the big market story
which is petering out quite quickly but
we'll see of course depending on what
this vote looks like is we gapped higher
on US assets this morning we're coming
off highs on some of these things US
futures as you can see too they look to
the upside the dollar is coming off very
quickly quicker than the equity complex
is concerned there we go uh so we gapped
higher and then have since given back
most of the early gains this Monday a
lot of that has to do maybe with this
fix coming through out of the PBC still
on a stronger side of things. Dollar
China also coming up on your screens.
Similar picture. Oh, there we go. We've
now completely gone back to levels
around this time on Friday. But yes, all
eyes are on DC. And what's happening
there? What isn't happening?
>> Well, what's happening now late into the
evening, right? US senators are now
tallying the results of this so-called
test vote on a funding measure to end
the government shutdown. Now, sources
say a GOP funding measure has the
support of moderate Democrats. Let's
bring in our managing editor, Jill Dies.
She's with us here right now. This is
something that doesn't include this
extension of these affordable care tax
credits here. So, how are Democrats
dealing with this now?
>> Yeah, Ivonne. So, again, it's important
to remember this is a procedural test
vote in the Senate. It does seem like
they've got uh support of enough of
these moderate Democrats to then bring
this to a fuller vote. But remember,
this is still the kind of thing where
like if any uh senator disagrees for any
reason, sort of objects, if even if it's
procedural, that could kind of tie
things up. And of course, that's to say
nothing of uh the support that this
would ultimately need in the House. So,
I think still a lot of ongoing
discussions there. What it appears this
does um at least like what the Democrats
have kind of uh gotten from Republicans
is some kind of an agreement that they
would hold a vote for a bill in December
uh to then extend those Obamacare uh
premiums. Um so that's really again
those those tax credits really being um
something that's at the heart of all of
this here. Um, if this ultimately does
pass, what it would do is it would fund
uh for the next year uh some agencies,
so including the Department of
Agriculture, Congress, uh Department of
Veterans Affairs, uh other government
agencies would really only be funded
through January 30th. So again, more of
sort of that short-term uh funding
solution here. Uh but yes, again, so
this procedural test vote would need to
then uh reach the full Senate and then
again ultimately still um looking for
some House support there. So maybe we
are seeing an end to the shutdown, but
nothing that's absolutely 100%
guaranteed at this point.
>> There's a very important data point on
Thursday, which is uh US inflation's
coming through.
>> Can we assume that's coming out?
>> Will is there enough runway for us to
get that to see that coming out
basically?
>> Well, I think that's what we're
ultimately waiting to see with um how
quickly this um all kind of resolves,
right? So, um it seems I think um the
members of Congress have been told to
kind of you know stay in DC like
ultimately like um you know wait for a
vote. Uh so I think at this point David
it kind of depends on how quickly uh
they can actually bring an end to the
shutdown and then how long it actually
takes to get a lot of these pieces in
place with actually bringing um you know
people from government back into office
that kind of thing. So I think you know
still kind of up in the air in terms of
you know when this all ends but it
really does depend on whether or not
they can get these votes over the line
and ultimately bring an end to what has
been you know the longest shutdown.
>> It has been you know what and Randy
Crosner was here in show is former of
the Fed now professor of course at Booth
and he said the Fed is now dealing
they're they're deciding based on vibe
>> and not so much on data but I guess we
we'll have to wait and see where whether
we got our data there. Uh thank you so
much Jill Vis there our managing editor
uh just to get us started and we'll see
whether or not we get an end to that
shutdown. Uh joining us here on set
Allah Busheri head of emerging markets
fixed income and EM corporates at BNP
Para. Good morning and very nice to see
you.
>> Good morning.
>> The what where are you positioned now
around the sort of the Fed the lack of
data? It seems the market is convinced
easing more than otherwise but like how
do we position around the lack of
information right now? I think uh it is
very important uh to see how prolonged
this shutdown really is because the
shutdown is something we've seen before
and market has been able to to digest
and navigate around uh this uh this
vacuum. But the more prolonged it is,
the more it will affect market sentiment
and be it's becoming more and more
important for us to gauge um how the Fed
will continue taking uh their decisions.
Are they going to perhaps cut regardless
of what the data is? uh whether it's
there or even when it does start to uh
to come forth. So that is becoming more
of a more of a focus for us and the
bigger question is do they continue to
cut uh regardless of what the the data
is and and whether that becomes
available sooner or or later.
>> A lot of the e economies have actually
started to cut before the Fed has. Do do
you see the sort of decoupling
continuing on? Yes, I think we've
already seen that to uh to to a great
extent already over the last year uh 18
months where we have seen EM economies
really um really execute on their own
easing cycles based on their own data
and metrics that they are targeting to
meet and we expect this to continue to
be the case. CM economies continue to be
strong in terms of their fundamentals uh
very credible in terms of their policy
um policym and we expect that easing to
continue to be more or less independent
of what is happening with with the US
policy maker and the decisions from the
Fed.
>> I think the last time we spoke was a few
months ago and the market was still
trying to decide maybe still is the
amount of duration in one's portfolio.
Where are you guys on that on that
specific question? uh we are uh very
much uh um balanced on in terms of in
terms of duration. Uh what I would say
is that we are becoming more and more
selective and we expect that selectivity
is going to be key in terms of portfolio
performance uh moving forward whether
you're looking at the hard currency part
of the EM universe or the local currency
part of the universe. So we're very
selective. There are certain curves that
we find the riskreward um is is
attractive on the longer end and uh
others where we would not go on the
longer end and very much stay in in the
front to the belly. But the ultra long
uh I would say is one that uh we are
less positioned uh given the the the
shape of the curve and the outlook and
uh um how we would prefer to see how we
develop in terms of the the Fed
decisions and and the data before we
have a higher conviction on the ultra
long end.
>> What's your view on the dollar now? I
mean it seems like we've seen it come
back a little bit
>> uh after months of people talking about
darization. What's what's the view from
from your PMP pair?
>> Yes. So, so this was the the theme
really this year. So, the first half of
this year we saw um quite u uh weakness
in the dollar. Um but this is coming
after you know decades of very strong uh
dollar strength. Um do we see uh further
weakening uh from here? We expect the
dollar to remain rangebound uh from here
unless we see um markets you know the
dollar market really being tested um uh
moving forward. So given the environment
that we are in, I mean US markets uh are
structurally very strong. We expect it
to continue to be. So whether we're
looking at innovation or the deepness of
the market, the dollar continues to be
the the reserve currency. A lot of
currencies uh are pegged to the dollar.
Uh so we do expect it to be rangebound
from here. Not the same magnitude of
weakness we've seen uh in the first half
of this year unless we see a significant
um change in market uh conditions. This
is a very supportive environment for EM
economies and for EM markets to continue
to perform like we have uh this year.
>> What about notwithstanding EM local
currency bonds and the opportunities
there going into next year? What what
are the opportunities you think we
should be looking at there?
>> Uh our conviction is very much uh in uh
in in EM local currency universe and
within that we have a higher conviction
in local rates EM local rates versus uh
EMFX. So if I would describe that, I
would say we are structurally higher
conviction on EM local rates where we're
more tactical on on EMF effects. Given
uh the the good fundamentals that we've
seen in EM economies and the easing
cycle that we expect across these
economies, we are structurally uh higher
conviction on EM local rates. I was
going to ask you about what happened
last week with China now returning to
the to dollar bond market and it was
like the sheer amount of demand
basically meant that it was priced along
the same lines and levels of treasuries.
How what do you make of this sort of
return and is it sustainable?
>> Uh it's a vote of confidence I would
say. So for uh an issuer in the bond
market to receive such demand and uh an
issue at very favorable levels is very
much a vote of confidence in terms of
the credibility of the issuer. So that's
how I would uh describe it and it's
performed uh quite well.
>> Yeah. Well, that takes us into I think
the broader question around supply
>> in the Asia Pacific, which I guess to a
large extent has really kept spreads
>> very very tight. Do you think the
structural tightness in in supply
remains the case going forward?
>> Yes. And it's not just in Asia. I would
say it's across all of emerging markets.
That's how we've seen uh um the trend.
And it's not just in in the sovereign
space, but also in the corporate space.
>> Incredible. Yeah.
>> Yes. So we have seen a a very uh strong
technicals play out on the back of the
the lack of issuances but that is uh on
on the back of very much these issuers
developing their local markets having
access to diversified funding channels
which uh imp which is really a you know
strong story for their own fundamentals
um and their their ability to to finance
themselves. So on the back of that they
didn't really have to tap the you know
the the capital markets and and that uh
resulted in the positive uh technicals
that we've seen across emerging markets.
>> A big thing that we've seen in you know
credit markets is this whole AI boom
that you know the these big tech firms
need you know trillions of dollars to
really kind of fund what they're doing
now. I mean how much activity are you
seeing on the EM side of things when it
comes to AI now? Well, on the in the
debt in in the fixed income space, there
isn't too much. Okay. Uh of that. Uh
there is very little of bond issuances
out of that specific sector. Okay.
>> Uh but whatever is being issued out of
the sector is very strong. There are
very strong investment grade issuances
and very favorable rates on on that end.
But I would say that the cap expend is
one that is is necessary. Um and we
would see we're going to continue to see
this part of uh of of of the markets
really developing uh moving forward.
>> Uh the biggest driver of performance
going into next year, you think under
your watch. What's it going to be?
>> Um it's well the the macro the single
largest macro theme is very much the Fed
uh global rates and and what we see
there. It's very much going to be the
focus especially through the first half
of the year. uh um and and I would say
that was that's going to be the the
first uh driver uh and perhaps the
single largest risk factor for for fixed
income markets. Um of course if the
dollar remains rangebound as we expect
that that is a supportive environment
but if we do see a pivot uh from here
that that could potentially uh affect
performances into next year.
>> Do you think we'll see the end of the
easing cycle across EM next year at some
point next year? Um I think it's going
to be measured. So I I wouldn't expect
it to end in the first half or anything
to be frontloaded. They have shown that
they uh are very much measured in this
approach. That's what we saw already
this year and we expect that to continue
uh to be the case when we speak to the
policy makers. That's very much the
message that that we receive.
>> All thank you Alla Sherry there head of
emerging markets fixed income and EM
corporates at BFP Paraba Asset
Management. We got plenty more ahead.
[music] This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the the
China Show. I'm kidding. I remember, of
course. Um, so it's quiet it's a quiet
news day, so we kind of had to do a
little bit of mental exercise to keep
ourselves slightly awake. Consumer
prices came out on the weekend
unexpectedly showing a positive number.
That's for October. Of course, you have
holiday boosting. Uh some of the
segments there within the basket,
travel, food, transport, demand. Uh for
a breakdown of what we saw so far, the
headline numbers and some of the data
beneath the hood. Our China
correspondent Minman Lo is here with us
with a breakdown of the numbers and what
we're seeing here. And are we actually
seeing the start of a perhaps a
sustainable bounce in inflation there?
Minman. Yeah, certainly there is some
expectation that maybe China is turning
a quarter, but there are many economists
saying that this could be just a one-off
bounce because of the golden week
holiday and the travel spending that we
got there. But you can see here CPI
turning positive after two months of
deflation. 0.2% is the print in October
compared to an fall of 0.3% the previous
month. PPI also easing down by 2.1%
versus 2.3 the previous month. And the
positive sign is that core CPI 1.2%.
This is the sixth consecutive month of
core CPI increasing. This is if we strip
away the volatile food and energy
prices. But still if you pull out to
longer term you look at PPI it's been
declining for 2 years and 10 months. CPI
this year hovering at zero or subzero
levels. And so some economists are
saying that it will not turn the corner
before end of this year and possibly PPI
could remain negative until middle of
next year. It also means that the
anti-involution campaigns still have a
long way to go and that maybe the
Chinese government will need to be much
more forceful in the way they enforce
some of these fair price competition
rules.
>> Yeah, the big take today really kind of
highlights right underneath the hood
there's still a lot of deflationary
pressures in this economy. What what
exactly do we find?
>> Yeah, this is a very interesting finding
because it gives you a more granular
picture of what inflation looks like in
China. Bloomberg had tracked 67
categories categories of goods and
services and you can see across many of
these sectors whether it's home prices
and rents, home appliances, red wine
cars, we are seeing doubledigit declines
across most of them. Uh and if you flip
the world where we're seeing the biggest
declines are in some of the very
ordinary items that you might have in
your homes, right? things like eggs and
cucumbers, eggplants down by 14%, BYD
cars down 27% and even home appliances.
If you flip the board, you can see we're
still seeing moderate declines there
despite this being one of the
outstanding sectors in China because of
those government subsidies. And yet, we
still see 8% decline in prices for
microwaves, 4% decline in washing
machine and fridge fridges. Uh there are
some areas where we are seeing inflation
and that's mostly in the services
category. So things like kindergarten
fees, attraction tickets up by 0.4%,
three star hotel rates as well. So the
price changes pretty unevenly spread
across the board, but clearly a big
impact on corporate profits because the
first half of this year, you saw the
Chinese listed firms that reported first
half losses that was about more than 25%
which is the highest that we have seen
in a quarter of a century.
>> Yep. All right, our menlo there breaking
it all down for us our China
correspondent on you know how entrenched
really kind of some of these
deflationary pressures are and that
certainly is the take from from
Bloomberg economics in the back of these
inflation numbers that we got over the
weekend. Basically the team saying that
deflationary pressures remain entrenched
since the rise in consumer prices
reflect a holiday boost that will fade.
Eric J is with us here. Um so you're
saying when it comes to anti-volution
still a lot of unfinished business.
Yeah, I think if the real surprise on
the CPI side, but I think a bet gauge of
the anti-involution policy is more on
the PPI because that's what's the
government is focusing on. And if you
look that as a measure, I think the this
this month October's job was much modest
than the previous two months. So that
could be signal that you know the the
antolution is the progress is slowing
down or or because of some base fat
boosted previous two months. So there
could be different reasons but anyway in
any case it showed that uh you know uh
for the PPI to get back to inflation you
know there still lots of work for the
government to fix the involution
problems.
>> Actually I want to ask you about core
CPI but I just had a thought on PPI. I'm
looking at your forecast. When do you
expect PPI to turn positive next year?
>> I think uh based on the current
trajectory it's probably middle next
year the soonest. Yeah. And is that math
simply is that base effect just you know
based on current months on months
momentum so and the base effect so it's
more likely mid next year
>> uh core CPI up for six straight months
has matched the highest going back I
think
>> 2022
>> March which was the 1.2%. What's your
interpretation of that? uh I think this
year uh this month it's it's kind of
difficult to interpret because there's
some holiday boost you know actually
from high frequency data we didn't see
such a big jump in October price so
probably they overweight the first week
of the long holiday but we don't know
yet so I think it's too early to say
that it's a turning point on the CPI
because once the holiday demand fades so
we we we we might see some you know uh
slowing slowing again on the CPI Do do
you think we'll get that sort of
seasonal aberration when we look at the
the the monthly activity numbers which
are set to come out later this week?
>> Uh I think our expectation is October
we're not going to show any you know
signs of improvement mostly it's again
slowing down and uh it's very likely in
the fourth quarter because I think the
government quite comfortable on the
growth momentum right now and they're
not really doing more poly support so
far. So I think it's u it's we're
basically done with 5% this year.
>> Okay. Well, I think you're
>> I think a call Eric
>> or that's your alarm
>> bloomer economics saying right now.
Perfect timing. Plenty more ahead.
>> They're watching. They're watching.
>> They're calling. This is blue.
[laughter]
>> [music]
>> Tracking the world news this morning.
President Trump's economic adviser says
a government shutdown will likely have a
significant [music]
impact on growth. National Economic
Council director Kevin Hasset told
[music] CBS that a prolonged shutdown
could cause fourth quarter GDP to turn
negative, setting disruptions in air
travel.
>> Thanksgiving time is one of the hottest
times of the year for the economy. It's,
you know, Black Friday and all that kind
of stuff. And if people aren't traveling
[music] at that moment, then we really
could be looking at a negative quarter
for the fourth quarter.
US Treasury Secretary Scott Besson says
President Trump's suggestion of a tariff
dividend could come via the tax cuts in
his signature economic [music] policy
bill. Besson made the statement on ABC
News when asked about Trump's social
media post where the president said each
[music] American would receive a
dividend of at least $2,000 from import
duties.
>> The $2,000 dividend could come in lots
of forms [music] in lots of ways,
George. Um, you know, it could be just
the the tax decreases that we are seeing
on the president's agenda. You know, no
tax on tips, no tax on overtime, no tax
on social security, deductibility of
auto loans. So, you know, those are
substantial deductions that, you know,
are being financed in the tax bill.
And the US Supreme Court has temporarily
allowed the Trump [music] administration
to withhold $4 billion in food aid that
a lower court judge ordered distributed
[music] to 42 million people. Justice
Kandaji Brown Jackson issued the
administrative stay to give an appeals
court more time to weigh the
government's request for a longer halt.
The administration [music]
says it can only provide partial funding
as critics warn millions could go
hungry. [music] China and the EU are
joining Brazil in a new coalition to
coordinate carbon markets ahead of the
COP 30 climate [music] summit. The
initiative seeks to align carbon trading
standards and promote decarbonization
through market mechanisms. [music]
Brazil says integrating carbon markets
could be one of the more most important
legacies of COP 30 as it would
facilitate trade and ultimately help
curb emissions.
>> Right. So, we're looking at some movers
across the region. We're starting things
off all the way down south and we're
going to make our way up north into the
map across Asia Pacific. So, we're
starting things off in Oz and New
Zealand. I think these are the odd
shares uh listed on your screens. We're
up 2% there. There's agreements
uh on infant milk formula boosting A2
milk specifically. We're up to 11 bucks
right now as far as that's concerned.
There's a somewhat loosely baby related
theme going through today and we'll talk
about this IPO here in Hong Kong which
is the book end of the baby related
stuff. Um A& Zed still there as we make
our way up. A&Z out with earnings. We're
looking at a record high there on the
stock price. We're up 2%. Noo-Noo MTO is
there talking about uh the need for more
action
uh to turn the bank around. Of course, I
believe this should be his first full
set of financials. He could be mistaken
since he took the helm there, but in any
case, it does indicate of course more
needs to be done and more likely will be
coming through from him and his team. uh
very quickly up to Indonesia where you
have of course discussions around a
um Donantara involvement in the the
plans between the two uh big tech place
there grab and go to [music] we're up 7%
and softcare of course is the uh diaper
maker here in Hong Kong debut today and
a very good one at that.
All right, 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets heading to that lunch break and
yes, we're actually seeing a pretty good
Monday morning there and a wrap up 1% in
the [music] Nicke25. We talk about the
chip makers. You know, there's some big
big outsized gains in some of these
Japanese sort of names here this
morning. So, uh, that AI trade is coming
back in Tokyo here [music] today. Dollar
yen still seeing some weakness in the
currency. We're at 153, 154 levels and
JGB yields only up about one basis
points here this morning, Dave.
>> Yeah, I look at some of the movers
there. Olympus is one of the big ones to
the upside. We were up 10%. There we go.
We're still up about that amount here.
Uh, we were up as much as 15 at one
point this morning in the first few
minutes. Restructuring there, some job
cuts. Um, so the shares are up the most
in about six six or seven years there.
2,000 jobs, uh, is the one the company
flagged on Friday. Market is reacting,
of course, today. Uh, we're looking at
Honda and also NEC coming up on your
screens already. We're down about five
and we're looking at NEC down up about
2.7% to the upside. That call out a city
uh, raising NEC specifically to neutral.
Price target 57, which is right at about
where we are already. Hence maybe the
sort of the neutral uh snap there coming
out of the bank and brokerage. Okay. Uh
the story across markets in Asia up in
price slightly higher on volume most
sectors are higher. Nine out of the 11
were led by tech slow short uh behind
that is energy to a lesser extent and
then you are getting a some offer as far
as the some of the healthcare names are
concerned. So it's a good day decently
good day across these markets. S&P
futures are oh in fact now that should
be session highs right now 6800s maybe
on the back of progress we're seeing
towards the end of the shutdown of
course it will take us significant steps
from where we are currently to maybe
usually seeing an inflation print uh
come out uh on Thursday okay from
markets let's turn our attention now to
the weather Southeast Asia the
Philippines specifically have super
typhoon Fong Wong has slammed into the
Philippines and northeast. Well, really
the hardest hit part, but it was really
broad-based there. You have deadly
winds, you have flooding across the big
island in Luzon. Uh, President Bongo
Marcus has suspended government work and
classes through to tomorrow. Markets, I
believe, are still trading. Yes, they
are trading today still. Let's bring in
uh Jerome Morales for more on this.
Jerome, before we I guess talk about
what what what the what the typhoon was
like, can I just ask you I can see
you're at a bureau right now. How was it
getting to work today? Just give us a
sense of what uh what the capital's like
this morning.
>> Yes. Uh stormy morning from uh the
capital, Manila. So uh there's still
occasional uh heavy rains here in the
capital. Uh really uh unpredictable
weather. Uh so hard to get to the the
office. Uh much of the bureau is uh
working from home safely, but uh
thankfully uh not much floods here in
the capital. I think uh the local
officials have uh prepared uh for this
uh second strong typhoon in a week's
time here in the Philippines.
>> Yeah, very dramatic pictures that we're
seeing here right now. Um you h we talk
about the you know the growth sort of
outlook and the impact these typhoons
are having. This is the second deadly
typhoon that the the country has seen in
the past week. How has it impacted the
Philippines so far?
>> Oh yes. Uh definitely so far reports
have been coming in from uh local uh
disaster agencies, aid agencies that uh
there have been uh inaccessible roads,
landslides, floods uh flash floods in
some areas and uh unfortunately it has
resulted to the deaths uh drowning of uh
two people in uh the eastern seabboard
of the Philippines and uh yes in terms
of uh the economy uh the economy could
uh be affected with this uh set of
typhoons, schools and office
cancellation. particularly the
consumption here in the Philippines.
>> Yeah. So what's what what what's next as
far as the storm is concerned? Give us a
sense of the projected path. What are we
watching out for next year, Jerome?
>> Yes, definitely. So after hitting uh
land uh last night here in the main
island of Luzon, it has continued to
traverse going uh west and now it is uh
forecast to uh to go to uh towards uh
Taiwan later uh this week. It will uh
have a lesser strength as it uh goes
through the land here in uh the
Philippines, but it could uh pick up
strength as it uh enters the waters
again heading for uh Taiwan. So uh
Taiwan will be definitely preparing for
uh this one.
>> Dr. Thank you, Neil Dr. Morales there.
Our reporter joining us from Manila and
thanks for that update. And some other
corporate news this morning, Nvidia CEO
Jensen Hang says he's asked TSMC for
more chip supplies to keep up with
booming AI demand. Speaking at a TSMC
event in Taiwan, [music] Hong says
Nvidia's AI memory chip suppliers have
scaled up capacity to support the
[music] company. TSMC CEO CCU confirmed
Hang's request, saying the chipmaker
expects record sales every year. Fizer
has agreed to buy Metera for up to $10
billion after a tumultuous bidding war
with Novo Nordisk. Savheiser raised its
offer to as much as $86.25
a share matching Novo's revised bid. But
Sarah cited a call from the US FTC on
potential risks from the proposed Novo
[music] deal structure. Fizer had
already secured FTC clearance for its
bid. Right, let's check in on shares of
my NEADS were up ever so slightly as you
can see. Not a whole ton of trades here.
This is the the IPO, of course, the big
one in Manila uh late last week into the
fresh session uh today. In terms of the
company's plans, uh well, it's looking
to improve its services in its
concession area and beyond. It's backed
by proceeds, of course, from the
nation's big second largest IPO offering
in history. That's what they plan to do
effectively with the money. He say the
Friday debut was seen as a key test
really for investor appetite in the
Philippine market which has underwhelmed
and underperformed compared to most
peers. Uh we spoke with the CEO and
president Rammonito Fernandez in their
in the last uh two hours or so about
their plans post IPO. Have a look.
Aside from um complying with our
franchise requirement, uh the listing of
Manila does received a very strong
interest both domestically and
internationally.
Uh in the international front, we have
uh uh gotten uh investments from ADB and
IFC as cornerstone. Aside from very
interesting uh sustainability
investors like uh Robeco and Mobilist of
UK, this has really generated very
robust demand in our IPO such that we at
at day one we had to uh take the upsize
option of uh of our offering.
>> It didn't quite translate into a robust
trading debut though. So I wonder what
are your thoughts on that? I think uh we
were affected also by the the Asian uh
environment last Friday but we're
looking forward to a better performance
uh actually because at the at at the as
you we've seen today the Asian markets
are up again. So we hope to ride also
with that.
>> Does the IPO cover all your funding
needs or are you looking to raise more?
The proceeds from our IPO will fund the
the uh partially our 163 billion capex
commitment to our regulators for this
current rate rebasing and uh these uh
funds will go to our five pillars of our
capex namely water source nonrevenue
water reduction wastewater coverage and
increasing capability. ilities uh
customer engagement uh AI and also our
foray into improving automation.
>> The company has also faced um some
challenges in the past including on
political risk that led to the
renegotiation of your contract with the
government. I wonder how are you
assessing some of these risks um as a
sort of headwind for the company going
forward. I personally feel better uh
after the concession our concession
agreement was revised and renegotiated
uh solving
solving the contentious provisions in
our contract. Uh but in exchange we were
able to get uh 12% return on our opening
cast position. Um but the other thing
that gives me confidence is aside from
the concession agreement, we have a
franchise together with it that has been
extended to 2047 and therefore a more
stable framework that we're operating.
That was the president and CEO of
Manilads, Ramonita Fernandez, there
speaking with Averil about an hour or
two back here on Bloomberg television.
Right. Just ahead, is [music] Silicon
Valley now embracing China's lowcost
open-source is the operative open source
AI approach? We'll dig into the shifts
in the AI industry and what that means
for perhaps investment [music] strategy
moving forward with Bloomberg opinion.
That's coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, we're checking some of the
automakers here in the region,
particularly in Japan. We're watching
closely now. Honda's down some 4%.
[music] They did talk about overall this
whole Nexperia shortage that did weigh
on their results. That certainly is some
reason to kind of look into it. But you
know there is some news, right? China on
Sunday confirmed that taken steps to
exempt these compliant exports of
Nexperia chips intended for civilian
use. And that's while urging the EU to
resolve a clash that threatens to
disrupt global auto production. Let's
get to our China economy and government
editor, Alan Wong. He's with us here
right now. Um tell us how we got to this
place in the first. Yeah. So, um it well
the sort of goes way back, but uh
there's this dispute about this uh
Dutchbased company that makes these
chips for uh car companies that uh this
company is owned by a Chinese company,
but uh earlier this year they uh they
they stopped supplying these chips that
are crucial for uh car making
>> uh as part of a broader trade dispute
with the EU. But now they held talks and
then China over the weekend said they're
going to resume the exports of those
chips to this uh Dutchbased company. uh
if they're eligible for civilian use. So
uh I guess this is a positive steps
because we know that uh car makers
including Volkswagen and Honda as you
said have been affected by the uh supply
shortage of those chips.
>> When can we accept uh expect the
resumption of the actual exports then?
>> Um well some examples we can draw on is
uh how China had been resuming the uh
exports of rare earth materials. Okay.
We've seen that after they struck a
trade deal with the US, the the
materials flew uh you know resumed their
flow across the border pretty rapidly.
Um but uh there's no precise timeline
but uh China uh signal is positive. What
does this tell us about I mean how US
and China relations are going in some
ways you're seeing companies even that
are non China non US that are kind of
getting enthralled in this right I mean
what's the sort of message that we can
take from this sort of case from
exterior
>> um yeah those companies they're not
necessarily you know pro one government
or the other but uh I assume that
they'll have to look at their entire
supply chain to see what kind of
resources are being dominated by any one
country and their government and they
have to manage their supply chains more
carefully. uh in the example of uh in
the case of rare earths you know I think
more companies are thinking about
diversifying their supply because they
can't rely they they they they learned
from the trade war that China could
weaponize it uh for geopolitical goals
and uh in in the event of the US China
trade war uh the rare earths eventually
the curbs were relaxed we're seeing the
resumption of these uh flows of these
materials um but then you know if the
tensions uh escalate again in the future
what are those companies going to do I
think that's that's one question that
they probably have been asking
themselves about.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And that Honda as we were just
showing there is certainly the standout
to the downside as the most affected. In
fact, the commentary coming through
here. One analyst out of Pelum says the
company seems to be the worst effect
among the Japanese automakers
specifically because of the shortage.
Alan, thank you so much. Alan Wong there
uh our Bloomberg China economy and
economy uh editor government's editor
rather there. Okay, let's uh stay
slightly on theme here and broaden the
view. fantastic column today uh out of
Bloomberg opinion here uh Katherine
Torbeck the thesis here and she'll be
coming on very very shortly to just uh
expound on this this lowcost opensource
model that we're seeing on the Chinese
side of things is attracting not just
Chinese users global users are starting
to uh head in this direction really
winning over specifically when you look
at what's happening in Silicon Valley
you have companies Airbnb is a very good
example of this now actually using
Chinese AI tools. He joins us from Tokyo
today. Katherine, fantastic. Thank you
so much for this. So, what's the thesis?
Let's help explain that for us and we
can talk about we can talk more about
this.
>> Sure. So, you know, we've all seen this
sort of debate roing for months really
that uh Chinese lowcost and open source
AI models will really attract um more
global users away from sort of US
offerings. But I've noticed a subtle
shift take root uh recently which is
really more Silicon Valley companies are
actually building on top of these
Chinese AI models. And you know for
example uh the venture capitalist
Chimant Polyataya uh said on his all-in
podcast uh the very influential podcast
recently that a company he works with
has offloaded a lot of workloads to
Kimmy K2 the sort of viral uh AI model
from Beijing based moonshot AI. Uh, and
as you mentioned, Airbnb CEO Brian Chesy
said he's been relying a lot on
Alibaba's QN models. Uh, there were two
very buzzy uh, sort of coding startups,
Cursor and Cognition AI, which both seem
to have uh, built products based off of
Chinese AI models from Deepseek and JIPU
uh, at least according to sort of
internet sleuththing. So, this shift is
sort of happening openly and a little
bit more quietly. But I think it's
really interesting to keep track of
because, you know, I think if Washington
is really serious about sort of winning
the AI race, uh, then it needs to start
really questioning why Silicon Valley is
already switching sides.
>> Yeah, you mentioned the shift is is
quiet. I mean, I don't think a lot of
people know about this. I certainly was
quite surprised until I I read your
column this morning. What do you think
is the big draw, the big appeal of these
Chinese AI models in Silicon Valley?
So the theme seems to be that they're
very good and they're also very cheap
and then also you mentioned the open-
source element of all of this which
means that uh developers can really
download these models and build products
on top of them and I think you know
geopolitical concerns aside when you're
sort of racing to build and ship
products uh performance and cost
actually matters quite a lot and I think
that's sort of become the big appeal and
the big draw of these of these Chinese
AI models.
H
>> yeah it you know the one of the
narratives Katherine I think to your
point that's emerged is that while
innovation and obviously the product
needs to be good you don't really have
to be at the very frontier of this uh to
win business and I think what we're
seeing from the Chinese side really
underscores this. So I think to your
point if Chinese AI is winning on cost
can America still win on on innovation
is innovation still the number one thing
we should be focused on as as the I
guess a second question there
>> right so I think America still has uh
very clear advantages when it comes to
access to cutting edge chips and access
to compute and you know I think it's way
too premature to declare uh this AI race
has a winner uh despite you know various
speculation uh from tech executives over
the past week. But I think one thing
that uh one theme that has become clear
is that these lowcost open- source
Chinese AI models have really won over
developers. And developers, I think, are
really the backbone of AI innovation.
And I think the more that this shift
sort of takes hold, the the harder it
will be for the US and Silicon Valley to
sort of slow down the momentum of
Chinese AI tools.
>> Very interesting piece there, Katherine.
Thank you. Kathern Thorbeck, our
Bloomberg opinion columnist. Make sure
to check out her column here this
morning. Silicon Valley is building on
Chinese AI. And we'll have more on the
AI landscape in Asia with software firm
Figma. We're speaking to them live at
the AI Summit in Seoul [music] in the
next hour. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right. Looking at live pictures out
of Capitol Hill now as officials they're
well yeah getting [music] late into the
night. They're really tallying up the
count on that procedural test vote
that's supposed to be [music] happening
tired.
>> Yeah. Look like they're going into the
late hours of the night. Um but
certainly this as we saw these moderate
Democrats have have reached some sort of
funding deal. Right. So that basically
is something that the Senate is dealing
with. But for for House Democrats, I
think some, you know, there's been
reports that they are a little bit in
some ways fussed about the fact that
these extension of these uh Obamacare
subsidies were not included.
>> So where does it lead when it comes to
the House vote here as well? So as you
mentioned, there's still a lot of
hurdles before we actually can say this
is the end of the longest government
shutdown in history.
>> Yeah. We'll first need to get the tally
and then they need to do the test vote
and then we need to talk about the
Senate and then the House.
>> And then the House. Yes. And uh but
yeah, like the the the extension of the
some of the subsidies on Obamacare, for
example, for about a year or so seems to
be the sticking point there. But it does
seem that Democrats are fairly open. But
again, anybody could scupper this deal
based on what we've heard so far there.
But yes, we are getting late into
tonight and the hope is for markets,
we'll make this very simple, there's a
CPI report that's due out on Thursday
and I think the question is there, will
the government reopen in time for that
report to actually come out?
>> Uh so we get finally some inflation
numbers to to parse public information
numbers.
>> Do they release this one first before
all the other ones that
>> Oh, yeah.
>> that we missed. I I don't know like what
what does the flow of data going to look
like?
>> Uh that's going to be quite interesting
too, right? But I think some have said
them, you know, those that watch it say
it's going to take some time
>> before the data comes out even after the
government reopens. So
>> like most good things.
>> Yeah. You know, you got to get people
back to work first, right? So that
certainly is is one step we're looking
at. I mean, there's still several steps
as we say uh before we get there, but
certainly that is in focus for markets.
We have seen US futures for example perk
up here uh all through this morning and
and it's really kind of leading to this
sort of regaining of of animal spirits
again that you know this is one factor
and then you have the whole Nvidia story
what we've been seeing what we heard
from TSMC and and the like uh there as
well that's really kind of
reinvigorating the whole AI trade here
today.
>> Yeah. Okay. And speaking of the rally
right so it's so we talked about AI the
macro picture seems to be decently okay
with a stronger US session US assets
going into today. separately you are
getting some unexpected pillars of
support on the benchmark right so Korea
we talked about this last week there was
a very strong showing from uh on this
dividend tax story out of Korea and that
is continuing to show itself today in
the form of financials and this rally
we're seeing in in South Korea that's
number one number two is travel stocks
in China we are looking at this upside
surprise we got in many of the
components holiday related bounce we're
getting on the CPI on the CPI print on
the weekend and as you can see the
markets are taking this one and we'll
see how long this lasts, right? Pricing
power uh downstream into the B2C names
like the airlines for example are seeing
some decent upside there. PopMart up
about 7%. We're still trying to figure
out why on price. This is the biggest in
months so far. Um there's not a lot of
fundamental news out there. Could be the
buying on the dip scenario following the
very fairly volatile week. It's a week
and a half it's really had on the stock
price itself. Chips are a big one. We
alluded to this earlier on, right? So
the top four movers on the benchmark
within the IET index are these names
whether that's u genic which is traded
in in mainland China uh you have global
unit which is traded in Taiwan of course
and you have of course Shimatsu of
course which is on the Tokyo lunch break
up about 5.7% or your household names
like the Samsungs uh of the world are
coming up on your screens SK highix
there we go are doing very very with the
exception of TSM SMIC which is of course
the opposite foundry trade when Look at
TSMC that we're down about 3% on that.
>> Yeah. Uh and it's it's a big week for
earnings right before we even get to
data. Uh we there's a data on Friday
from China. But then again before that
we're going to get the likes of Tencent,
Soft Bank, uh Hanhai. I mean certainly
they're going to be talking a bit more
about how that stronger AI demand is
really lifting their earnings especially
for Tencent. JD.com I think is one we're
focusing a little bit on too as well.
They're set to report obviously the
whole price wars that we're seeing in in
the food delivery space with Maittoan
and Alibaba that's going to take hold
with investors really watching for is
there any signs of rivalry that that
easing in any way?
>> Yep. Guidance for the companies will be
very important. [music]
On that note, that's it from us here on
the China show. We'll see you all
tomorrow. Insight with us Linda Amen is
coming up next.